Connectivity review (#1047)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/reference/technology/storage.md

<h1 id="storage-tech">Storage</h1>

> The architecture of the Mbed OS storage solution has the following properties:

Reviewer: Much better

An example of implementations of the interfaces are:

- BlockDevice.

>    - QSPIBlockDevice - Block device driver for NOR-based QSPI Flash devices that support the SFDP standard.

Author: I don't like these dashes. Would rather have two layers of : than inconsistency.

Reviewer: I don't know that I agree.

- FileHandle.
   - File - Class that provides read and write access to files on a file system.
   - BlockDeviceFile - Class that provides read and write access to raw block device storage in the form of a FileHandle.

>    - UARTSerial - The UARTSerial class provides read and write access to a device's serial hardware. It is an example of a non-storage device that you can access as a file.

Reviewer: I don't think this should be hyphenated. "Non" ends with an "n", and "storage" doesn't start with an "n". There's no proper noun or acronym there, either.

Author: True, nonstorage just strikes me as... off.

>    - UARTSerial - The UARTSerial class provides read and write access to a device's serial hardware. It is an example of a non-storage device that you can access as a file.

Author: ```suggestion
   - UARTSerial - The UARTSerial class provides read and write access to a device's serial hardware. It is an example of a nonstorage device that you can access as a file.
```
